Previously on
"The Vampire Diaries"...
He's dead.
No, no! I can't.
I can't. I can't.
I can help you turn it off.
She's ruthless
without her humanity.
The cure is the fastest
way to get it back.
When Silas was buried
by the witch Qetsiyah,
she left him with the cure.
She knew that he wanted to die,
be reunited with
his one true love.
Free her from darkness!
Aaah!
No!
The triangle is complete.
The witches almost killed you.
What witches?
How did I get off the island?
What's the last thing
you can remember?
Jeremy was trying to pry the
cure out of Silas' hands.
Bonnie, there's something you
need to know about Jeremy.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hey, Jeremy.
You know, I was...
I was thinking about the
last thing I said to you.
"We did it."
Totally lame last thing
to say to someone.
That wasn't a good-bye,
Jeremy. You...
you were supposed to
come back with us.
Bonnie.
Jeremy.
Wake up.
How are you here?
Bonnie, wake up.
I don't understand.
Open your eyes.
Bonnie, open your eyes!
Oh, my God.
Sync & corrections by wilson0804
www.Addic7ed.com
So what has it been, 8, 9 days?
About 8 or 9 days.
I don't know.
I lost count.
We lost count of
the consecutive days
in which Elena Gilbert
has not killed anyone.
I'd say that's
progress, brother.
So, what are we gonna do,
just throw the football around
for another 150 years
till Elena gets
her humanity back?
Because I'm cool with that.
She doesn't want the cure.
She's gonna start
killing people
if she knows we're still
trying to get it for her.
All right.
We could always, uh,
make her want it.
Yeah. How are you gonna
make an emotionless vampire
want anything?
Get her to flip
her humanity switch.
So, what are we gonna do?
Pull a Lexi, bombard
her with emotions
till one of them sticks?
Yeah, and if that doesn't work,
then we go to plan "B"...
lock her up
and keep her sidelined
until you and I
figure out a plan "C."
And what happens when
she gets slammed
with every emotion she's
repressed since Jeremy died?
Well, then you, my friend,
will be right by her side
ready to help her through it.
Right, because you don't want
to keep reliving history.
And when this is all over,
you're just gonna
get out of her life.
Bingo.
All right. How do you
want to do this?
Elijah, being human
means a fresh start.
I can grow old
and have a family
and fill my days with meaning,
knowing that each one matters.
Well,
that was poetic.
Well, if you can provide us
with a more compelling reason
for wanting the
cure, Klaus, please.
Silas can appear as anyone.
He got inside my thoughts,
convinced me I was dying.
He will torment me
until I give him the cure.
And in doing so,
he will break down
the wall to the other side.
So it doesn't trap him
there when he dies.
He wants to reunite
with his lost soul mate.
You, of all lovesick fools,
should applaud his devotion.
He will
open the floodgates
for every supernatural
being that has ever died.
Including our dear
brothers Kol and Finn.
We'll have our family back.
Please! You hated Kol.
And you kept Finn in a box
for most of his life.
Elijah, please.
Your personal discomfort might
not be sufficient reason
for putting the entire
world in jeopardy, Klaus.
I think our sister deserves
a shot at happiness.
Tell me you're joking.
Tell me you're not fating me
to an eternity of torture.
I've made my decision.
When you're sick and dying
and you beg for my blood,
I will laugh in your face
and compel you to forget me.
Where's the cure?
Rebekah, it's no secret
that you are impulsive,
emotional,
and at times
morally questionable.
Prove to me
this isn't just another
one of your whims,
that you know precisely
what you are giving up here.
Fine. Anything.
I want you to live
a day as a human.
This day.
No vampire privileges...
no strength,
no compulsion, no nothing.
If you succeed and still believe
this is what you want...
The cure is yours.
You're gonna fail.
You should be locking
yourself inside all day,
not shopping for prom.
Name me a more human
experience than senior prom.
Death.
Why should I listen to you?
You don't even
have your humanity.
You realize you won't even be able
to compel yourself a date, right?
Yes, and last time I checked,
you're living in my house
because I'm the only one
that can tolerate you,
so you don't have
to be so rude.
Then I'm going to
come with you.
Yeah. I'll keep
an eye on you
and make sure that you
pass Elijah's test.
As soon as you down the cure,
it'll be gone for good.
And no one will be able
to use it on me.
What kind of dreams?
Usually I'm at his grave,
and...
All of a sudden,
he appears to me.
Well, you never got
to say good-bye, Bon.
You're grieving.
That's normal.
When I woke up,
the couch was on fire.
Oh.
I don't know if it's because
I was emotional in my dream
or if Shane was right.
Without his help, I'll
lose control of my magic.
No. It's because you need a
night off from mourning.
And I'm gonna make
sure that you have it.
Um, you look super hot,
by the way.
Do you think?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah?
Yeah. Matt and I are gonna
have the sexiest date there.
You know what?
I love friend prom.
And it's exactly
what prom should be...
friends and memories.
Yes, it sucks that my
boyfriend can't be here,
but the three of us are gonna
have the night of our lives.
Hey, Bonnie. Heard
you got your mind wiped.
That sucks.
Pretty dress, Caroline.
I know. You helped me
pick it out months ago
when we were friends,
before you tried to kill me.
I thought it looked familiar.
Can you
press this for me?
I'll pick it up later.
Bonnie.
I don't need a babysitter.
Really?
Because the last time
I saw you,
you snapped a waitress' spine.
It got you to stop your search
for the cure, didn't it?
Yup. We're just
here to make sure
you hold up your
end of the deal.
Don't eat the prom queen.
May I?
No.
Wow. Would you
look at that?
Aw. Beautiful dress.
Thank you.
I stole it.
Klaus?
Klaus!
Kla...
Hello.
Did you not hear me?
Of course I
heard you, Caroline.
I think the whole of
Mystic Falls heard you.
I'm in no mood for company.
Well, I'm sorry that you're
having personal issues,
but I have a real
crisis on my hands.
Elena stole my prom dress.
I went to pick it up,
and the tailor said that
somebody else already did.
And when I asked who, she
said she couldn't remember.
Hello? The vervain is out
of the town water supply.
She was compelled.
It is not funny.
I know. I know.
Then stop laughing.
Look, I know that prom
isn't important to you,
but it's important to me.
Surely finding another dress
is well within your substantial
vampire capabilities.
But I don't want
just another dress.
I want to look hot, like
princess grace of Monaco hot.
So...
Could you please go back
into your creepy trophy case
of family collectibles
and dig me out
something of royal caliber?
Where's the disco ball?
Caroline's been working
on this for a while.
It's a, uh, photo yearbook
of the senior class.
Isn't that photo from
first day of freshman year?
My mom took that when she
dropped us off at school.
I'm gonna get a seizure if I
keep staring at these screens.
Why do I feel like we're at a
practice run of Caroline's wedding?
Because I think we are.
You are underage.
You're overage, and honestly,
it's kind of creepy.
Oh, come on. What bad-ass
senior is complete
without a prom date that's
slightly too old for high school?
Please don't refer
to yourself as my date.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Your boyfriend.
Something I said?
I'm not doing this.
You're not gonna deny that I'm
your boyfriend, now, are you?
What are you doing?
Trying to stir
some feelings in me?
Ironic, since you,
my sire, are the one
who had me turn them off.
Yeah, well, hindsight is almost
a bigger bitch than you.
You're nothing to me, Damon.
Really? Then why tell me
you're in love with me?
Why tell me it's
the most real thing
you've ever felt in your life?
I told you I loved you
because I was sired to you,
and now that I'm not, I know
that none of it was real,
but if you still
think that it was,
I mean, maybe you're the one who
needs help with your emotions,
not me.
Uh-oh. Friend patrol.
Hey. I know we haven't
really talked since...
Everything, but I just...
I want to say that I miss you.
Me, too,
and we want to help you.
What are you gonna do...
get me a job at the grill?
I don't want you to
look back and realize
you missed out on the
best part of senior year.
Spare me, Matt.
If you had the choice, you would
have turned your emotions off
the second that Vicki died.
Hey, you shut it off
because all you could feel
were the horrible things
happening to you.
You still have friends
who love you.
I thought you were going
to bring Jeremy back,
but it turned out you were just
a brainwashed crazy person,
so technically, you're
a walking reminder
of all the horrible things
that have happened to me.
Bonnie, wait.
I need some air.
Caroline's right.
Elena's gone.
Is this real?
Does it matter?
May I have this dance?
Let go of me
or I will bite you.
Oh, come on.
I'm the one that hates
to dance, remember?
Yeah, and now
I finally see why.
Hmm.
So are you and Bonnie,
like, a thing?
We're not a thing.
We're friends.
So who are you here with?
No one.
Go on. I know
what you're thinking...
why didn't I just
compel myself a date?
You know, actually
I was thinking,
I wonder if Bonnie wants ice.
Oh. Could I ask
you a question?
Why? Apparently you
already seem to know
everything I'm thinking, so...
Do you think that I would
make a good human?
I think that "good" is a
hard word to live up to.
I've never seen you do
anything remotely good,
so...
Honestly, no, I don't.
I'm sorry.
So you're just here to help
Rebekah get the cure, right,
on what happens to be the
most sentimental night
in high school.
You think this is
my cry for help?
I'd be happy to show you what a
real cry for help sounds like.
Hmm.
So this...
Us...
You feel nothing?
I feel nothing.
I don't believe you.
I don't care.
So you don't remember
what it used to feel like
when we would dance?
When my hand
would touch your waist?
Nope.
How about this...
When our fingers would touch?
Nothing.
And this?
What heart?
So how do I look?
Are you kidding me? You look
like a backstabbing bi...
the dress is beautiful,
and it brings out your eyes.
Thanks. I thought
I'd do it a favor.
Caroline, why don't
you come dance with me?
I know you said
to kill her with kindness,
but can't I just kill her?
I see you found a dress.
It's from Klaus.
Mmm.
Don't ask.
You know you have him
wrapped around
your little finger, right?
If I had Klaus wrapped
around my finger,
then I would be here
with Tyler right now.
Are you making any progress
with the dress thief?
I don't know.
I think it's affecting me
a lot more than
it's affecting her.
What do you mean?
Every time I tell myself
that I'm moving on,
there's this part of me that
just can't seem to shake her.
That's normal, Stefan.
You guys were in love.
That doesn't go
away just because
you declare that
you're moving on.
Then how does anyone
ever seem to move on?
I don't know.
I think that someday,
you'll meet someone new
and you'll fall madly in love.
And you'll have moved on
without even realizing it.
I can't just make you
prom queen.
It is based on votes.
And you have approximately
none so far.
And you can't just
help out a friend?
No, I can't.
And you can't make me.
I drink vervain tea now.
I was not going to compel you.
You can't be compelled,
but you can be killed.
Rebekah wins prom queen.
Got it?
What the bloody hell
are you doing?
What you were about to do.
I was not going
to threaten her.
Remember that time
you tortured me
until I told you
how to find the cure?
You ruined my
relationship with Stefan
and then you trapped
us with a werewolf?
Yes. So?
So you're not a good person.
You're not gonna win
this cure by being yourself.
So just stand there and
refrain from talking, ok?
You and me.
We're at senior prom.
Do you miss me, Bonnie?
Of course I do.
Do you want this to be real?
Yes.
Then it can be.
Bonnie...
Your magic can bring
me back for good.
You have the power
to do the spell now.
Oh, my God. You're Silas.
Get away from me.
You need me, Bonnie.
I don't need you.
I don't want anything
to do with you.
You have no idea
how dangerous you are.
If I don't help you,
you'll kill yourself.
You're trying to
get in my head.
I'm just asking for your
help in return for mine.
Leave me alone.
Wake up on fire recently?
Did you do that to me?
Please, Bonnie, let me help
before you hurt somebody
or yourself.
You don't care about me.
You only care about
bringing down the wall
to the other side,
and I won't do it.
Don't you want to see
Jeremy again?
Not like this.
Where did you get that?
Our baby sister.
Once she's human...
It'll make no difference
to her whatsoever.
Take it.
Why would you give me this?
We are immortal
apart from the stake.
Now that it's yours,
you have nothing to fear.
Silas will continue
to torment me.
Well, you've survived
endless torments
throughout the centuries.
You'll shake this.
And if you can't,
you outrun him.
Yes, it's that simple.
Without the cure,
what makes you think
I'll spare your
beloved Katerina?
Or have you figured
out, you're simply
another spider in her web?
You will spare her
because I am asking you
to spare her.
As your family, as your
only living brother,
I would ask that you provide
me with this opportunity
to feel, to care.
To love.
I gave you that opportunity.
And you sided against me.
So if I run,
it will be to chase her.
And as your
only living brother,
I will make it
my cause that you
never know a moment
of happiness.
It is such a hollow
little life that you lead,
eh, Klaus.
You haven't seen
Bonnie, have you?
She's probably in the bathroom.
Every other girl is.
And if you haven't noticed,
I am sitting here
all on my own.
So, please, will you put
me out of my misery
and dance with me?
I don't think so.
Matt, please.
This is a girl's
worst nightmare.
Please.
I thought about
what you said...
about being good...
and you're right.
It won't be easy,
but it's worth trying.
I don't understand
why my opinion
is so important to you.
Because
you're everything
that I want to be.
You're loyal, honest, kind.
People root for you to succeed.
Elena even died for you.
I'm a bus boy, Rebekah, ok?
It's not like
I'm out saving the world.
But you're human.
You're so beautifully human.
Aren't you on
"save Elena" duty?
I'm taking a little breather.
This prom sucks.
This is our last dance
together, and it's awful.
This is not how I wanted
to remember this night.
Thank you.
Well, if anyone asks, I'll
be at the after-party.
We have a problem.
It's like Jeremy was there.
I could talk to him, feel him.
Bonnie, that's what Silas does.
You can't let him
get to you again.
Yeah, because you all crazy
and brainwashed.
It's not a good look.
What am I missing?
Silas is appearing to Bonnie
as my dead brother,
which means he still wants her
to do the spell.
So? The nice thing
about having no feelings is
you don't fear your enemies
on the other side.
I'm not worried
about my enemies.
It's people like Alaric...
And Jeremy.
Salvatore brothers
are annoying enough
as it is.
Can you imagine if my brother
came back to the living?
He'd spend every
waking hour trying
to get my humanity back.
Hey. Ok, the ballots
have been tallied,
which means it's time
to announce
this year's prom king
and queen.
Look, one of us
should take her home.
What? No. She's
safer here in public
around all these people.
There's no way Silas
can make everyone see
the same thing all at once.
Ok,
in the meantime,
how do we look out
for a guy that
can appear as anyone?
All right.
Your prom king and queen are...
Matt Donovan
and Bonnie Bennett.
Bonnie bloody
Bennett. Of course.
Everyone's so worried
about Silas,
but there's an obvious
solution to all of this.
He needs Bonnie. He can't
do the spell without her.
So if you can't kill Silas,
kill his witch.
I can't kill anyone.
I'm supposed to be human.
Maybe you can't, but I can.
Tyler.
I don't think you've
ever looked more beautiful.
Oh, my God. Tyler.
Oh, you can't be
here. Klaus...
can't get in.
Matt owns this place now.
He had to invite me inside.
If Klaus finds out...
he won't.
You didn't really think
I was gonna miss prom, did you?
Here. These are for you.
Caroline Forbes, may I
please have this dance?
You looking for Silas
or you waxing nostalgic
about misspent youth?
What happened to you
being over it?
What do you mean?
Well, I mean, for a guy
who's ready to move on,
you seemed pretty
convincing as a boyfriend
out on the dance floor?
I mean, isn't that
what we're doing,
reminding Elena
of what she's lost?
Like her feelings for you?
Yeah. Yeah, maybe.
Hmm.
I mean...
I don't mean to be
a dick, Damon,
but Elena and I have a history.
Memories, laughs,
ups and downs.
It was a real relationship.
I mean, what you have is
just a one-night stand
that was probably the result
of the sire-bond.
Your mind is
a very dark
and riveting place, Damon.
Uh! Silas.
Where's my brother,
you psychic freak?
He's in the woods,
where I convinced him
I was you.
He's probably in a bit of
pain now, too.
The witch is mine.
Stay away from her.
Ugh!
You need to get your
queen off the stage.
I can't really do that
right now.
You didn't hear it from me,
but Elena's up to something.
Congratulations, Bonnie.
What do you want?
For you to stop being
a problem.
Bonnie.
Something's
happening to me.
Ok, just relax.
No, I got to get out of here.
What's going on?
Remember when I told you
to make Rebekah prom queen?
No!
You should have listened.
April, April, come on.
Please wake up.
April, come on!
Matt, why did you
call... oh, my God.
Rebekah, can you feed
her your blood?
Can't we just call
911 or something?
She's dying.
Please help her.
I can't. If I heal her
with my vampire blood,
Elijah won't give me the cure
and I won't get to be human.
How is this even
a choice right now?
You want to be human?
Prove it. Be good.
Do the right thing
and save her life.
Stefan.
Yeah.
I'm over here. Agh!
Agh!
Let me guess.
An extremely handsome
man came up to you
claiming to be me.
Yeah.
Bonnie, wait.
Get away from me, Silas.
We can help each other.
This is what you do.
You wait until I lose control
and then you want to swoop in
and save me.
You really think
you have a choice?
If you don't let me help you,
your expression will consume
you from the inside out.
Get away from me.
You didn't try to do
that, did you?
Your magic is taking on
a life of its own.
You need help controlling it.
Listen to me, Bonnie.
Breathe.
I'll die before I let
you control me again.
Bonnie, listen to me!
Control, Bonnie! Control.
Get out of my head!
Bonnie, stop.
Bonnie.
Bonnie...
You're killing her.
I know what I'm doing.
That's the magic talking.
This is your best fried.
Damn it, Bonnie.
Bonnie...
Please.
You ok?
No, I'm not ok.
I almost died.
The shell of my best
friend almost killed me.
None of this is ok.
I got you.
Ok.
Hey. Whoa.
Plan "B."
Thank you for saving her.
Elena was right.
I should have just stayed home.
No one has to know
what you did.
I won't tell anyone.
You'd really do that for me?
I would.
And maybe I was a little harsh
earlier.
You wouldn't make
the worst human.
Are you offering me
a job as a bus boy?
You know, I'd look cute
in an apron.
We'll see.
I should probably
get April home.
Ok.
Try to stand up.
Dear sweet April young.
Now, there's a girl
with a future.
She was dying,
and I acted with human decency.
You can't get more
human than that.
Actually, you can.
You can stand idly by
as poor April takes
her final breath.
You can ask, "why does
this always happen"
to innocent people?"
"Where do the spirits go?"
"Was there anything
I could have done?"
That is what it means
to be human, sister.
You give humanity
too much credit.
Are you gonna tell Elijah?
No. No. You are.
You're home.
And how did our
cinderella fare?
I won't lie. There
were complications.
You'll tell
him that you cheated,
that you failed,
that you don't deserve
the cure.
But I passed your test
with flying colors.
If this is what you
truly want...
It's yours.
Why is it so
hard for you to let me be happy?
Because your happiness comes
at the expense of my sanity,
because I refuse to entertain
yet another one of your whims,
because you are bored
and you're looking for
a reason to matter.
Thankfully I don't have
to waste any more breath
fighting you on the subject.
What does that mean?
Nik, what does that mean?
I guess it's time
that I turned into a pumpkin.
Thank you, Elijah.
Rebekah?
Elijah, I think Nik's
up to something.
Where did you go?
I'm still at the prom.
Look, don't do anything with
the cure until I see you.
Something's not right.
Elijah? Hello?
Elijah, do not take
your eyes off that cure.
I think it might be
a little late for that.
I have to go soon.
People will be here
for the party.
And if anyone sees me...
I know. I know.
Thank you for
the best prom ever.
Was it worth it
to see her smile,
to make her dream
night come true?
Was it worth it?
In the shared interest
of giving Caroline
the night of her dreams...
I'm going to allow
you 5 seconds
before I rip your heart
out of your chest.
5...4...3...
She might not feel much,
but she's gonna feel that
in the morning.
So what's the plan?
When Bonnie was
whaling on her tonight,
I could see it in her eyes.
Elena thought she
was gonna die.
She was scared.
Fear.
Last time I checked, one of
those pesky human emotions.
So plan "C"...
Make her life a living hell.
You care to talk about
our other problem?
You know, the one that can be
anyone anywhere at anytime.
Silas still needs Bonnie.
And if tonight is
any indication,
she's no pushover.
She's not gonna let
him manipulate her,
not anymore.
I wouldn't underestimate
his talents.
He fooled the hell out
of both of us.
What did he say to you anyway?
He led me out in the woods,
claiming he saw Silas,
and then he staked me.
How did he get to you?
Talked about his hair.
I figured it had to be you.
Funny.
You coming?
Yeah.
Klaus, I hear Elijah
has refused you the cure
and in return, you have
refused me my freedom.
Shame on you both.
But while you boys sort
out your problems,
I have one last thing
to offer you.
I've caught wind that there
is a witch in New Orleans
named Jane-Anne Deveraux
plotting a move against you.
Hunt her down.
What she has to say
will rattle you
so deeply to your core
that chasing little old me
will be the least of your
concerns.
It's been a fun
five centuries, Klaus,
but I've worn down too many
good heels running from you.
Love and hate, Katerina.
Silas?
I know it's you.
My locator spell worked
without using
any of your possessions.
You're finally acknowledging
how powerful you are.
You're not Jeremy anymore.
Is this the real you?
Then tell me why you're hiding.
Call it Qetsiyah's revenge.
When she learned that
I didn't love her,
she used her magic to ensure
no woman could ever love me.
It should come as no surprise
that now I simply want to die.
And I want you to.
Even if it means bringing back
every dead supernatural being?
Show me your face.
Sync & corrections by wilson0804
www.Addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org